user_name                            int
body                                 str
created                              float
created_utc                          float
distinguished                        int?
downs                                int
edited                               bool
gilded                               int
has_fetched                          bool
id                                   str
json_dict                            NOT SURE
likes                                int
link_author                          str
link_id                              str
link_title                           str
link_url                             str
name                                 str
num_reports                          int?
parent_id                            str
saved                                bool
score_hidden                         bool
subreddit.display_name               str
subreddit_id                         str
ups                                  str
